1-A rainbow is a meteorological phenomenon that is caused by reflection, refraction and dispersion of light.


An Apple Pie

2-The tree was full of red apples. 
The farmer was riding his brown horse. He stopped under the tree. He reached out and picked an apple off a branch. 
He bit into the raw apple. He enjoyed the apple. His horse turned its head to look at him. The farmer picked another apple off the tree. He gave it to the horse. The horse ate the raw apple. The horse enjoyed the apple. The farmer put a dozen apples into a bag. He rode the horse back home. He put the horse in the barn. He walked into his house. The cat rubbed up against his leg. He gave the cat a bowl of warm milk.

 A Cat and a Dog

3-The black cat jumped up onto the chair. It looked down at the white dog.
 The dog was chewing on a bone. The cat jumped onto the dog. The dog kept chewing the bone. 
The cat played with the dog’s tail. The dog kept chewing the bone. The cat jumped back onto the chair.
 It started licking its paws. The dog stood up. It looked at the cat. It licked the cat’s fur.
 The cat licked the dog’s nose. The dog went back to its bone. A boy ran through the room. He was wearing a yellow shirt. He almost ran into the chair. The cat jumped off the chair. The cat jumped onto the sofa.

The Farmer 

4-The farmer drives a tractor. The tractor digs up the ground. He plants yellow corn in the ground.
 He plants the yellow corn in the spring. The corn grows in the summer. The rain helps the corn grow. 
If there is no rain, the corn dies. If there is a lot of rain, there is a lot of corn. He harvests the yellow corn in late summer.
 He sells the corn at his vegetable stand. He sells one ear for 25 cents. He sells four ears for $1.
 He sells all his corn in just one month. The neighbors love his corn. The corn is fresh. It is bright yellow. It is tasty.
 It is delicious. The birds love his corn, too. They don’t pay for it. They eat it while it is in the field

Rain and Hail

5-Dark clouds were in the sky. The sun went down. The weather got cold. The wind started to blow.
 Leaves blew off the trees. Paper flew through the air. People buttoned their jackets. 
The rain started to fall. At first, it was quiet. Then it got louder

nl
Een regenboog is een gekleurde cirkelboog die aan de hemel waargenomen kan worden als de, laagstaande.

fr
Un arcoíris o arco iris es un fenómeno óptico y meteorológico que consiste en la aparición en el cielo de un arco de luz multicolor.

A Windy Day

part 1

6-It’s a windy day. The wind is blowing hard. Paper is blowing everywhere.
 The wind blew the man’s hat off. It blew the woman’s hat off. It blew a bird off the telephone wire.
 The other birds laughed. The wind keeps blowing. The trees are bending over.
 The people outside are bending over. The wind makes it hard to walk

part 2

7-The driver learned his lesson. He will never drive in the wind again.
 The wind makes it hard to fly, too. Pilots know the wind is dangerous. 
They do not fly their small planes in windy weather. They do not want to crash into the ground. A crash will kill them. They sit at the airport.


Bears and a Pig

part 1 to 4

8-The three bears left their cave. They lived in a beautiful cave. The cave was big. The cave was warm in winter. The cave was cool in summer. It was a quiet cave.
9-Today was Sunday. They liked to pick berries on Sunday. So they left their cave. They walked through the woods. They found a field of berries
10-Then they walked back to their cave. When they got inside the cave, they heard a noise. “Who is that?” papa bear asked. “It’s only me,” said a pig. “What are you doing here?”
11- “I’m hiding from the farmer,” said the pig. “I think he wants to eat me.” Papa bear told the pig he could stay in the cave as long as he wanted. The bears shared their berries with the pig.
